README.md, before:

<br/>
<div align="center">
  
  # Snapchat Snapscore Botter
  
<h1>
🌟 Join my Discord server <a href="https://discord.gg/NrnKpUYjWR">here</a> 🌟
</h1>
  
  Python-based Snapchat score booster using pyautogui module. Click <a href="https://github.com/useragents/Snapchat-Snapscore-Botter/issues">here</a> to report bugs.
  
  ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/103281345/162591882-3a211ead-0f10-4ba1-bdcc-8f2186294377.png)


  
</div>

--------------------------------------

### Usage


1. Download ZIP <a href="https://github.com/useragents/Snapchat-Snapscore-Botter/archive/refs/heads/main.zip">here</a> and extract the ZIP
2. Install <a href="https://github.com/useragents/Snapchat-Snapscore-Botter/blob/main/requirements.txt">requirements.txt</a> by typing `pip install -r requirements.txt` in Command Prompt
3. Download an android emulator like <a href="https://www.bluestacks.com/">BlueStacks</a>, <a href="https://www.memuplay.com/">Memu</a>, <a href="https://www.bignox.com/">Nox</a>, etc
4. Download the Snapchat app on the emulator and login to your account
5. Create a shortcut with a list of users that you want to send snaps to
6. Run the `main.py` script and follow the instructions shown. Confused? Watch the tutorial video <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZVj913gJ_k">here</a>

### Please note

This script was made for educational purposes, I am not responsible for your actions using this script.
This script works best when you are not using your PC as it moves your mouse position around the emulator to send snaps.
Watch the tutorial video <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZVj913gJ_k">here</a> if you are confused on what to do.

Commit message:

Update README.md with Linux instructions

README.md, after:

<br/>
<div align="center">
  
  # Snapchat Snapscore Botter
  
<h1>
🌟 Join my Discord server <a href="https://discord.gg/NrnKpUYjWR">here</a> 🌟
</h1>
  
  Python-based Snapchat score booster using pyautogui module. Click <a href="https://github.com/useragents/Snapchat-Snapscore-Botter/issues">here</a> to report bugs.
  
  ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/103281345/162591882-3a211ead-0f10-4ba1-bdcc-8f2186294377.png)


  
</div>

--------------------------------------

### Usage

#### Windows:

1. Download ZIP <a href="https://github.com/useragents/Snapchat-Snapscore-Botter/archive/refs/heads/main.zip">here</a> and extract the ZIP
2. Install <a href="https://github.com/useragents/Snapchat-Snapscore-Botter/blob/main/requirements.txt">requirements.txt</a> by typing `pip install -r requirements.txt` in Command Prompt
3. Download an android emulator like <a href="https://www.bluestacks.com/">BlueStacks</a>, <a href="https://www.memuplay.com/">Memu</a>, <a href="https://www.bignox.com/">Nox</a>, etc
4. Download the Snapchat app on the emulator and login to your account
5. Create a shortcut with a list of users that you want to send snaps to
6. Run the `main.py` script and follow the instructions shown. Confused? Watch the tutorial video <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZVj913gJ_k">here</a>

#### Linux:

From your terminal:

1. `git clone https://github.com/useragents/Snapchat-Snapscore-Botter`
2. `cd Snapchat-Snapscore-Botter`
3. `pip install -r requirements.txt`
4. Install <a href="https://github.com/Genymobile/scrcpy">scrcpy</a> (Allows for you to control your Android device over ADB on USB or WiFi)
5. Set up scrcpy and run
6. Create a shortcut in Snapchat with a list of users that you want to send snaps to
7. Run `sudo python main.py` and follow the instructions shown.

### Please note

This script was made for educational purposes, I am not responsible for your actions using this script.
This script works best when you are not using your PC as it moves your mouse position around the emulator to send snaps.
Watch the tutorial video <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZVj913gJ_k">here</a> if you are confused on what to do.
